Embedded Landing Pages: Docs (#6440)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/plugin/landing-pages.md

<img class="screenshot" src="../../images/as-landing-page.jpg" alt="Apollo Server default landing page" width="350"/>

> This landing page is designed for use in local development, where `NODE_ENV` is not set to `production`. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations via `curl`, and it also links to Apollo Sandbox (a hosted GraphQL IDE that runs entirely inside your browser and doesn't require an account). You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`.

Author: no there are no options on this one - includeCookies is a top level option, not nested under embed

> This landing page is designed for use in local development, where `NODE_ENV` is not set to `production`. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations via `curl`, and it also links to (such as [Apollo Sandbox](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/explorer/sandbox) a hosted GraphQL IDE that runs entirely inside your browser and doesn't require an account). You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This landing page is designed for use in local development, where `NODE_ENV` is not set to `production`. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations via `curl`, and it also links to [Apollo Sandbox](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/explorer/sandbox) (a hosted GraphQL IDE that runs entirely inside your browser and doesn't require an account). You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`.
```

> This landing page is designed for use in local development, where `NODE_ENV` is not set to `production`. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations via `curl`, and it also links to (such as [Apollo Sandbox](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/explorer/sandbox) (a hosted GraphQL IDE that runs entirely inside your browser and doesn't require an account). You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`.

Author: ```suggestion
This landing page is designed for use in local development, where `NODE_ENV` is not set to `production`. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations via `curl`, and it also links to (such as [Apollo Sandbox](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/explorer/sandbox) a hosted GraphQL IDE that runs entirely inside your browser and doesn't require an account). You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`.
```

</td>
</tr>

> <tr>

Reviewer 2: Maybe the "This landing page" paragraph should mention you can change it to embed instead of it only being in options? (For both sections)

<td>

###### `embed`

`boolean`
</td>
<td>

> By default, the local landing page displays a page with a link to Apollo Sandbox to query your endpoint. If `embed: true` is passed, the landing page will instead render an embedded version of Apollo Sandbox hosted on your endpoint url. From this embedded Sandbox, you can change the endpoint to query against, and use all the features of the Apollo Sandbox on your Apollo Server endpoint. You can also sign in to your Apollo Studio account to access your Operation Collections, Diffs, Checks and more. The default value for `embed` is `false`.

Reviewer 2: In general this page could have some links to Sandbox and Explorer docs when the products are mentioned (perhaps in the pre-existing descriptions rather than in the options, or in both)

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

###### `includeCookies`

`boolean`
</td>
<td>

> A boolean used to set whether Studio Explorer should include cookies in its GraphQL requests to your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the embedded Apollo Studio Explorer includes cookies in its GraphQL requests to your server.

The default value is `false`, unless the user changes the setting in the Explorer UI.
```

If you omit this, the Explorer defaults `includeCookies` to `false` or the current user setting.

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

###### `embed`

`boolean`
</td>
<td>

> By default, the local landing page displays a page with a link to Apollo Sandbox to query your endpoint. If `embed: true` is passed, the landing page will instead render an embedded version of Apollo Sandbox hosted on your endpoint url. From this embedded Sandbox, you can change the endpoint to query against, and use all the features of the Apollo Sandbox on your Apollo Server endpoint. You can also sign in to your Apollo Studio account to access your Operation Collections, Diffs, Checks and more. The default value for `embed` is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the Apollo Server landing page renders an embedded version of Apollo Sandbox at its GraphQL endpoint URL. This enables visitors to query the endpoint directly and use additional Sandbox features if signed in with their Apollo account.

The default value is `false`, in which case the landing page instead displays a link to open the non-embedded version of Sandbox.
```

<img class="screenshot" src="../../images/as-landing-page-production.jpg" alt="Apollo Server default landing page" width="350"/>

> This landing page is designed for use in production. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations with your server. By default, the only visible reference to Apollo is a footer explaining how to customize the page. You can also configure it to add a link to query your graph with the Apollo Studio Explorer. You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`, or an [options object to `embed`](#embed-options)).

Reviewer 2: Also maybe in the various places you say that you can just say "if you pass the `embed` option" instead of having to say "true or an options object"?

> This landing page is designed for use in production. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations with your server. By default, the only visible reference to Apollo is a footer explaining how to customize the page. You can also configure it to add a link to query your graph with the Apollo Studio Explorer. You can choose to embed the Apollo Sandbox on your endpoint if you pass `embed: true`, or an [options object to `embed`](#embed-options)).

Author: I think this was fixed in a later commit - I have `Explorer`.

> This landing page is designed for use in production. It provides a copyable command-line snippet showing how to run operations with your server. By default, the only visible reference to Apollo is a footer explaining how to customize the page. You can also configure it to add a link to query your graph with the ([Apollo Explorer](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/explorer). You can choose to embed the Apollo Explorer on your endpoint if you pass the `embed` [option](#embed-options)).

Author: agh thank you

<tr>
<td>

###### `embed`

> `boolean | ApolloServerPluginEmbeddedLandingPageProductionConfigOptions`

Reviewer 2: this made the table hella ugly

<img width="1260" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16724/169629479-44e2f1ee-aea5-42bb-be15-9368f0a48856.png">

do you know how to run the docs yourself btw? not sure why deploy preview isn't working.

Author: @StephenBarlow do you know the secret here? :)

<tr>
<td>

###### `embed`

`boolean | ApolloServerPluginEmbedded`
`LandingPageProductionConfigOptions`
</td>
<td>

> By default, a simple curl command will be displayed on your production Apollo Server landing page. If `embed: true` is passed, *and* a `graphRef` is passed, the production landing page will instead render an embedded version of Apollo Studio Explorer hosted on your endpoint url. From this embedded Explorer, you can query the endpoint, and use all the features of the Apollo Studio Explorer on your Apollo Server endpoint. You can also sign in to your Apollo Studio account to access your Operation Collections. The default value for `embed` is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true` or you provide an options object, the Apollo Server landing page renders an embedded version of the Apollo Studio Explorer at its GraphQL endpoint URL. This enables visitors to query the endpoint directly and use additional Explorer features if signed in with their Apollo account.

To embed the Explorer, you must _also_ provide Apollo Server with the **graph ref** of the Studio graph to use, usually via the `APOLLO_GRAPH_REF` environment variable.

The default value is `false`, in which case the landing page displays a basic `curl` command.
```

If you have `embed: true`, cookies will never be sent from your embedded Explorer.

</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>

### `embed` options

These are the fields you can include in the `embed` option you pass to the ApolloServerPluginLandingPageProductionDefault:

<table class="field-table api-ref">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Name /<br/>Type</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>

<tbody>

<tr>
<td>

##### `displayOptions`

`Object`

</td>
<td>

An object containing additional display options related to the visual state of the embedded Explorer on page load.

For supported subfields, see [`displayOptions` options](#displayoptions-options).

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

###### `persistExplorerState`

`boolean`
</td>
<td>

If `true`, the embedded Explorer uses `localStorage` to persist its state (including operations, tabs, variables, and headers) between user sessions. This state is automatically populated in the Explorer on page load.

If `false`, the embedded Explorer loads with an example query based on your schema (unless you provide [`document`](#document)).

The default value is `false`.

</td>
</tr>

</tbody>
</table>

> ### `displayOptions` options

Reviewer 2: Maybe `embed.displayOptions`? Certainly either the header or the next line should be explicit that this is nested under `embed`

</tbody>
</table>

### `embed` options

> These are the fields you can include in the `embed` option you pass to the ApolloServerPluginLandingPageProductionDefault:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the fields you can include in the `embed` option you pass to the `ApolloServerPluginLandingPageProductionDefault`:
```
